[Music]
How are you guys?  I am Mohammad Naeem Shaikh.  So
I want to tell you that
a victim lady has come to our studio from Tarde Mumbai.
Name is Nanda Mohan Dodia.  And in what manner the
housing loan that they had taken from
India infline housing
financed which has now become IFL Home
Finance Limited in sh IFL Home Loan, the
loan that they had taken for buying a flat in Virar of
₹287000 400 55, today their condition has become so bad
and in
what manner the agents of this finance company IL Home Loan are creating
mental confusion for them.  In what way are
they being tortured?  In what way are
they threatening them that this
flat of yours in Virar, which is owned by us, is
legal.  We will sell it.  We will auction it.  They
message her every day, WhatsApp her
and tell her how Nanda is being mentally
confused.  Nanda was forced to come to
our studio from Tardeo when her period came.  Has
he been harassed much?
He will tell you these details.  Please
tell your full name to Nanda Viewers.  Yes,
my name is Nanda Mohan Dodiya.  Please
tell me, in
which year did you get this IFL Home Loan
?  Which other flats are available in
Virar to buy in 2021?  Mefer Virar
Garden
Daisy Building Room No.1
Virar Virar West District Palghar
District Okay, this loan that you took, which you
said was
of Rs 2817495, then
how much amount did you get as a cheque from this finance company
?  ₹ lakh.  ₹17495
g.  It is written in this that you were
given a policy of ICIC LBR Insurance Company for 5
years whose premium was Rs.
1883495, so did you request this finance company
IF Double IFL Home Loan
that brother give me a policy of ICC LB
whose
premium is Rs. 163495,
no, I was not told anything, yes
they just told me to sign here and there
and told me that we have to give you this policy.
Nanda, for
how many years were the loans you took?  For some 20 years.
Took a loan of Rs 28 lakh for 20 years.  Ok?  Approximately.  Now you
took a loan for 28 years and in lieu of the loan,
you were given an ICC LBA policy for 5 years of ₹1,83,000.  Ok?  Yes, which you did
not ask for.  Yes.  So it was found that out of 28 lakhs,
₹1,83,000 was deducted.
Nanda had not asked for double IFIL home loan, she had
not said that I have an insurance
policy, that too of ICC LB whose premium
is so high and this policy is for 5 years,
if something happens to Nanda in 5 years then it is
fine, the premium of ICC LB or the loan of 28 lakhs
was cleared, the loan was cleared
but what will happen after 5 years, today
in 2021 Nanda took a loan of 28 lakhs and today it is
2025, four years have already passed and
Nanda is still young.  The Indian age, the death
average, for ladies is 69 and for gents it is 66
years.  So here, this double
IFL home loan policy
of IC Labard for 5 years will end after one year.
And after that, if something happens to Nanda,
who will repay this loan?  This bank will
withdraw its hands.  The insurance company will withdraw its support.
So who will pay this Rs 28 lakh?
Why was there a need to give such a huge 5 year policy of ₹183000 without asking for
Double IFL Home Loan? You had
purchased this flat in Building Number
Seven MVG Cooperative Housing Society
Limited, Desi MVG Cooperative Society
Limited, Virar Garden, Agasi Road, Kharodi
Naka, Bullinch, Virar West Taluka, Vasai
District, Palghar, Pin Code
401303. What was the price of this flat?   It
was 33 lakhs.  Ok?  It was 33 lakhs.  How much loan did
you take?  Gave me Rs 26 lakh.  There was a
loan of Rs 28.  Let's say the loan was Rs 28 lakh.  So, that means you
just spent Rs 5 lakh from your own pocket.  Took a loan of ₹8 lakh.
But here you are telling that the
EMI which was
Rs 28,223 EMI, you had
paid it regularly from May to May 2021.  Yes, under which
you paid ₹1 lakh EMI, then the
Government of India
gave you ₹67000, which was the housing scheme of the
Modi government, so you
paid ₹1 lakh while paying EMI from 2823 May 2021, then the scheme of the Modi government was that there should be
housing for the poor, so you paid ₹
267000 i.e. ₹60000, then the
ICC LB policy of ₹183495 was given to them, which they did
not need, so if all this is totaled, then
you paid ₹14 lakh in the amount of ₹28 lakh,
then what is this that even today Double
IFM Home Loan
is demanding ₹29 lakh 8293 from them, I understand the point, you
took a loan of ₹28 lakh, out of which you paid ₹10 lakh,
leaving ₹18 lakh, then after that the ₹267000 which was of the government, you
also paid that, then the
need of ICC Labard  It was not forced to
get your commission, so
reduce 1883495 from the loan, then
hardly
their
loan is left at 14 lakhs, they paid 14500,
14 lakhs is left but even today Double IFL
Home Loan is demanding from them that you
pay us more than Rs. 2982, 8000
otherwise we will sell your house, auction it
and give it to a third party. I have
your complaint in my hand on 6th
February which you gave to 18 departments,
from President of India to Supreme
Court, Chief Justice of Bombay High Court,
Prime Minister of India, Home
Minister of India, Finance Minister of
India,
Ramdas Bandhu and Rajya Sabha member, you have also given them,
Honorable Governor RBI, Honorable Governor
Maharashtra Chief Minister Maharashtra Urban
Development Minister Maharashtra Home Minister
Maharashtra Director General of Police
Maharashtra State Commissioner of Police Greater
Mumbai Commissioner of Police and Vasai Virar Arun
Kumar former Chairperson Double IFL Finance
Limited, along with Assistant Commissioner
of Police Virat Division, so many 18 people.  The
complaint that you have given in writing is a very
long complaint
682025, this is the first page, it is also running on your screen,
second page,
third
page and this is the last fourth page, so why did
you feel the need to submit such a long complaint that
you have given so many complaints in 18 departments
and double of them have also replied to it.
First,
second, third are a very big bunch.  You wo
n't even be able to show it at this much.
Fourth, 25th of June.  So many replies
and such a long reply was
given to you by Double IFL.  So why did
you feel the need to file such a long and lengthy complaint in the department
?  Double IFL Home Loan
Against Me.   I get
calls in my office, they
threaten me at the office, they say they will come to work, they
harass me so much, if I don't
pick up the phone, they will bring the police, they will put
your house on auction, I will
sell it for less and on top of that you will have to pay, they keep
threatening me like this, there is so much
harassment that I cannot even pick up my phone
and they call from different numbers,
someone will say
what will be the money on voice message?  EMI did not come.
Pay ₹4 lakh now, otherwise go to Palgarh or
go to the court there.  Tell me where should I go?  Something must be
happening.  I am so much I am lady.
I can't do anything right now.
Nanda, I am telling you that you
took a loan of 28 lakhs and it is mentioned in your written complaint
that you have paid around 14 lakhs, then why do
n't you tell the recovery agent
that brother, I have paid 14 out of 28, I have
barely 14, 13, 14 lakhs left, I will
pay, but he does not listen, just give the full amount
and finish yours, give the full amount,
finish yours, whenever you go to meet him, he will
say only one thing, you sign and we will
put the property in auction.  You do this.
Locked it.  Today I am homeless.  Today
I am not near mother's house.  No, they
have the key, the lock.  He has everything.
And he didn't even do that.  After taking me out
from there, today I am at my mother's house with my children.   Then
we will appeal.  From State CM
Devendra Fadnavis to
Deputy CM Eknath Shinde to Finance
Minister Ajit Pawar to Director Police
for Maharashtra
State Commissioner of Police for Mumbai as well as as well as
Commissioner of Police for Virar Vasai
we will put Goa Chairperson of Double I
LF FL Finance Limited Arun Kumar,
look Nanda Mohan Dodiya she belongs to
SC community scheduled caste,
she had a dream that I too should have my own
house in ownership, in whose voice she took the
initiative, house worth 33 lakhs, loan of 28 lakhs,
14 lakhs out of the loan has also been paid, but the
recovery agents of this finance company Double I LF FL Finance Limited are
harassing Nanda so much,
even after paying 14 lakhs, they are still demanding 14 lakhs out of
28 lakhs, they have also taken ₹9 lakhs for the
house, day and
night continuous torture, harassment,
misbehavior is going on
from the recovery agents of this finance company Nanda,
so we will appeal that this scheduled caste
lady should get justice.  The fraud that is happening with this
, the threats that are being made, the talk of auctioning the house, the
talk of selling it, all this should be
stopped immediately.
I request all the people to
waive off my loan and keep me away from this harassment,
Baba.  I am very tired of this
harassment.  I wanted to have my own
house.  But right now it seems that Baba is very
scared.  The public should do something for me.   Do
something.